Readme Update (#666)
overture-stack/ego: README.md

# Ego - Authentication and Authorization Microservice

[<img hspace="5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on--slack-blue?style=for-the-badge">](http://slack.overture.bio)
[<img hspace="5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-gpl--v3.0-blue?style=for-the-badge">](https://github.com/overture-stack/ego/blob/develop/LICENSE)
[<img hspace="5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20of%20Conduct-2.1-blue?style=for-the-badge">](code_of_conduct.md)

<div>
<img align="right" width="66vw" vspace="5" src="icon-ego.png" alt="ego-logo" hspace="30"/>
</div>

Biomedical data requires secure protocols for authenticating users and authorizing the information and applications those users can access. [Ego](https://www.overture.bio/products/ego/) addresses this by facilitating user registration and providing a secure permission management system. 

> An [Ego UI tool](https://github.com/overture-stack/ego-ui) was also developed to make these services accessible to all collaborators.

Reviewer: don't need "tool", just `Ego UI` should be fine. Rephrasing like:
> Ego UI is also available to make the Ego service accessible for system administrators.

Author: removed!

```

5. You can now access the Ego UI through ```http://localhost:8080/ego-ui```
- This will require your google sign in 
- Once signed in you will have access to the admin dashboard
- The Ego swagger ui can be located at ```http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html```

## Support & Contributions

- Filing an [issue](https://github.com/overture-stack/ego/issues)
- Making a [contribution](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Connect with us on [Slack](http://slack.overture.bio)
- Add or Upvote a [feature request](https://github.com/overture-stack/ego/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Anew-feature+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc)

## Related Products 

<div>
  <img align="right" alt="Overture overview" src="https://www.overture.bio/static/124ca0fede460933c64fe4e50465b235/a6d66/system-diagram.png" width="45%" hspace="5">
</div>

Overture is an ecosystem of research software tools, each with narrow responsibilities, designed to address the adapting needs of genomics research. 

> The DMS is a fully functional and customizable data portal built from a packaged collection of Overtures microservices. For more information on our DMS, read our [DMS documentation](https://www.overture.bio/documentation/dms/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Overture **Data Management System** (DMS) is a fully functional and customizable data portal built from a packaged collection of Overture's microservices. For more information on DMS, read our [DMS documentation](https://www.overture.bio/documentation/dms/).
```

<!--Ego ReadMe-->

<!--less OICR move marketing towards the bottom, what it does how to set it up towards the top. Ego UI ref-->

<br />

<p align="center"><a href="https://www.overture.bio/" target="_blank"><img src="Overture_logo.png" width="66%"></a></p>

<br />

<!-- Replace slack with discourse once setup -->

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on--slack-blue">](http://slack.overture.bio) 
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-gpl--v3.0-blue">](https://github.com/overture-stack/ego/blob/develop/LICENSE)

> ## Worry Less Science More

Reviewer: This Repo is for Ego, not Overture. The most prominent entry on the top line should be the name Ego and any branding associated with it, not the orgnaization that is producing the application. The previous readme started with an `h1` for Ego, where more traditionally it would use a markdown title like `# Ego`.

Overture branding can follow but the first header/title should be about the application stored in this repo.

Author: Addressed!

> In this Overture repository, we (the [OICR Genome Informatics Team](https://softeng.oicr.on.ca/team/)) develop [Ego](https://www.overture.bio/products/ego/), our open-source authentication and authorization microservice. [Overture](https://www.overture.bio/) is an ensemble of modular solutions for big-data genomic science. Our core products work in concert to manage, explore and visualize molecular and clinical data. Visit our [website](https://www.overture.bio/) for more information on what Overture offers, and check out our other projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/overture-stack/).

Reviewer: No need to declare `Overture repository`, we already have github indicating that `overture-stack` is the organization this repository belongs in.

The first paragraph should focus on details of the ego application and not the developers.

I would rearrange the first two sections you have to put the Ego section at the top, then move the Overture section beneath. The overture section perhaps could have a standard re-usable paragraph about what overture is, then a custom paragraph about how Ego fits into the Overture application suite.

Something like:

# Ego

## Secure Authentication & Authorization
Ego is an open-source authentication and authorization microservice, providing secure user registration and permission management. Ego uses well-known single-sign-on identity providers like Google, GitHub, LinkedIn and ORCiD in place of managing usernames and passwords. 

## Overture - Worry Less, Science More
< overutre logo here >
[Overture](https://www.overture.bio/) is an ensemble of modular solutions for big-data genomics science. Our core products work in concert to manage, explore and visualize molecular and clinical data. Visit our [website](https://www.overture.bio/) for more information on what Overture offers, and check out our other projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/overture-stack/).

Author: Addressed!

<p align="center"><img alt="Ego in action" src="https://www.overture.bio/static/screenshot-21fc2cfc0ac1c3fd9bd7e62196477554.png"></p>

Access to sensitive and valuable information necessitates complex and secure methods to verify users and authorize what data and applications they are allowed to access. [Ego](https://www.overture.bio/products/ego/)  simplifies user management by providing a secure system to authenticate and authorize users of your application. [Ego](https://www.overture.bio/products/ego/) uses well-known single-sign-on identity providers like Google, GitHub, LinkedIn and ORCiD in place of managing usernames and passwords. 

Ego is [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) and [OpenID Connect](https://auth0.com/docs/authenticate/protocols/openid-connect-protocol) compliant. It is written in JAVA and uses [Sprint Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot) and [Spring Security Frameworks](https://spring.io/projects/spring-security). Because it uses [JSON Web Tokens (JWT)](https://jwt.io/) for stateless authorization, it can scale to accommodate many users. See our thorough [documentation](https://www.overture.bio/documentation/ego/) for further details. 

> ## Related Products 

Reviewer: Can we add a section in Related Products about Ego UI (and move the screen shot there?)

Author: Got it!

<p align="left"><img alt="Overture overview" src="https://www.overture.bio/static/124ca0fede460933c64fe4e50465b235/a6d66/system-diagram.png"></p>

> Overtures' modular architecture allows you to utilize and mix any of our products to fulfill your individual needs. Our core technologies, however, can also work in concert as an end-to-end data management system (DMS) designed to satisfy the needs of modern large-scale genomic research. For more information on our DMS, please see our [DMS documentation](https://www.overture.bio/documentation/dms/).

Reviewer: Overture's

Reviewer: I would start with

> Ego is a central component in the Overture Data Management System. < link to DMS >

then continue as is you have (slight text modifications).

> Overture's modular architecture allows you to utilize and mix any of our products to fulfill your individual needs. Our core technologies can be used as standalone services, and can alsobe deployed in concert as an end-to-end data management system (DMS) designed to satisfy the needs of modern large-scale genomics research.

Reviewer: Note: I'm pluralizing `genomics` by reflex, I'm not sure if `genomic research` or `genomics research` or both are correct

Author: Got it!

See the links below for additional information on our other modular solutions:

|Product|Description|
|---|---|

> |[Ego](https://www.overture.bio/products/ego/)|A stateless authorization and user management service|

Reviewer: Ego provides statless (JWT) and stateful (API-Key) authorization now, so we should probably drop the `stateless` descriptor. The rest is good.

Author: got it!

|[Score](https://www.overture.bio/products/score/)| Transfer data quickly and easily to and from any cloud-based storage system|

> |[Song](https://www.overture.bio/products/song/)|Quickly and reliably track genome metadata scattered across multiple Cloud storage systems|

Reviewer: Being nitpicky here, but the central role of song is to track file metadata, and optionally add in genomics data.

Perhaps:

> Catalog and manage metadata of genomics data spread across cloud storage systems

Reviewer: Also, we need consistency on if we capitalize `Cloud`, I vote we let it be lower case

Author: Got it!

> |[Maestro](https://www.overture.bio/products/maestro/)|Organizing your distributed data into one index|

Reviewer: suggestion:
> into a centralized Elasticsearch index

Author: Got it!

|[Arranger](https://www.overture.bio/products/arranger/)|Organize an intuitive data search interface, complete with customizable components, tables, and search terms|

<!--Additional programs?-->

## Table of Contents

- [Developer Setup](#developer-setup)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribution](#contribute)
- [Feedback](#feedback)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#license)

## Developer Setup

<!--Requirements Post-gres & JDK?-->

> This is a step-by-step guide for setting up a dockerized version of Ego. See our [setup section](#setup) below for a comprehensive setup guide.

Reviewer: > of Ego and Ego UI

Author: Got it!
